
Has spoken another minute. There should be 40 students here. I have a feeling they're not lost. He's searching for classrooms.

That thing is fast, mine says. It's only one about 2. Eight and a half. That's fast.

Okay. He is one person waiting to get access. Authorization. Who else is? Not registered in my class. Everybody else is your only person so far. Yeah. But I know. Okay, so other than him, I'll give everybody else a copy of the syllabus it is already there in the canvas page.

It's all done so, but you know how? Sometimes, people like to have a paper copy, so if you want, you can have it. If you don't want, you can say, I don't want it okay.

Thank you everyone! Then, I have to say, you're welcome! So many times, please assume I've said already, you're welcome!

Because this is like a contract. If I give this to you, then I have to let you into that.

Okay, everyone. If you had seen my long email if you had seen the announcement on the canvas page? And if you had gone through the? First two modules and everything else that was there in it. You probably already have an idea about the class. And every Sunday morning. A unit will open up week, one, week, two, week three.

It's all set up the entire semester. It's all set up. Each Sunday morning, it will open up. We are not meeting the entire number of hours. This class is expected to meet usually face to face. We are just meeting only for an hour and a half each day. When we are supposed to be meeting at for a some total of like five hours or so.

So, as you can see, it is not going to be possible to teach every single section from the textbook from the alerted chapters, right? Because there's all I mean, like, I'm losing a couple of hours. So, before you sit down, you guys want to collect. Are you all registered in my class?

Yes, I emailed you, though. Ashraf, oh yeah, just hold on, okay? Thank you, uh, you both. Are you registered? Can I give? Do you want to not give us some of this by any chance? I will give you a copy after I give you the authorization. Yes, if I authorize them, I'm not promising anything.

So? That's the reason why you will see for every week. There are instructor created videos. I have sat and created. Problems, how they are supposed to work for sections that I'm covering in class, and the ones that I'm not covering in class. So pretty much you, you will be able to do every section.

All the sections that are alerted for calc 101a. You will be able to do it. But just looking at those videos and just reading the textbook. Doesn't guarantee right. You have to work out problems. The if you had looked through the first two modules, you would have noticed that there is one particular page, which has the entire homework problem numbers written out from each section, it's all there.

It is for you to practice them, so then you're asking, like, wait a minute. I don't have the version of the textbook. I have an older version. I don't have a textbook. You know, all of these questions are coming up. I don't tell students to spend a fortune to get at the textbook, because when you're taking calc 2, that teacher may be using a different textbook for all that, you know, right?

So, I don't want you to waste money. In the fifth floor. Is this where the library is in the fifth floor or in the fourth floor? I think fifth floor fifth floor. There is a library they have. Editions of the book Reserve. You cannot take it out. I mean, like, it's a reserve.

So anyone can go in. You can borrow that book sit there, and you can read the virtual sections that are there. You can take pictures of the problems that are there, and you can practice because every textbook version has. The problems are differently numbered. Some of them have the problem.

Some of them have a different number problem. That's why. If you had looked at the specific module which opened up, yes, yesterday's Monday on Sunday. Come on in! Hi, are you registered in my class? Yes, before you close to them. Here's a copy of the syllabus. It has a few things if you have noticed that's.

It's like a rhythm every week. This is what you will see in each time you open a week module, you will see this. There will be a preview of what is going to be. Needed for you for that specific, which sections? Second, there will be an instructor created. Video.

There will be homework problems that are not to be turned in. That is for you to practice. 4, there will be a discussion that you will do. Please remember this. The first part of the discussion is always due Wednesday by 8, 59, or 10 or whatever the time may be.

First, part is due. You have to first post the answers to the questions. Only then you can see what others have posted. You won't be able to see it, and then you need to reply to two of your peers by Friday. This is so. I'm making sure that you are all getting to know each other and seeing what mindset your classmates are having.

And you know, like, you are sharing a little bit of your study. Plan your kind of studying that you do. You're kind of opening up to your classmates. That is the idea. And then I read through all of your discussions. Okay. That is the first assignment. First part due Wednesday, second part due Friday.

It says there very clearly in the discussion first part due Wednesday second is due, but I'm telling you in class, so you can say, oh, I didn't know no, no, no, no, you know now, second? Since everybody has different versions of the textbook, I have put there in a Word document, the specific problems the problem itself is stated.

The specific problems that I want you to do for that week. So, even if you don't have a textbook at home, you will be able to see what problems you need to do. Yeah, I just started my class. Okay, so that is the second part, which is also due on Friday Friday.

In my class, everything is due on Friday. There's nothing due on Saturday Sunday because it's the weekend Saturday. You need to relax, no math, nothing whatsoever. Go have fun party. Do whatever you want to do. Okay, there is no work submission on Saturday or Sunday ever. Friday is when you work your tushes off the first five days.

Starting Sunday, you submit everything on Friday, and then you just get to relax starting Friday night. You can have a Friday night party Saturday. Go watch your football games, whatever games. But Sunday, you used to get back to working on your thing. This is the yes, where is? The Friday is a day day off.

Yeah. Yeah, okay, so discussion weekly assessment. Every week. Non-Pest week. There will be a quiz. I have stated very clearly. The quiz can be in class, or it can be online format if it is online format. You will be doing this on Friday. It will open up only on Friday morning, and it will close on Friday evening, so you have the entire day to do the quiz if it is online any specific week.

If it is in class, it will be on Thursday and you will be. Are you registered my dear, yes? You will do it in groups of four. Four people will get together. You'll sit together in a circle, and you will do those three problems in class on Thursday, I'll give like 40 minutes or so, so 4, 15, so 3, 30 to 4, 15.

You will do in class. This also allows you to start making friends. You get to know the remaining three people. Now, I am not going to be selecting your group. You can form your own group of four. This is not high school. I am not going to be policing you, and I'm not going to be assigning you.

You get to pick your own group of four four people in a group 40 students 10 groups and you, you can change after a couple of who is, there's, you know what I want to go to a different group? I, you know, like, it's, it's not jelling with me or whatever you want to talk, you know, sometimes it's it's.

It's very true, then you can just change groups like, you know, if somebody says they, they also don't want to be in that group. Then it works out great, so you can decide if you don't like. After a couple of times, you can just change groups. You don't have to let me know at all, so that is the quizzes.

It can be either on Thursday, or it'll be on Friday. The after each unit, there will be a test, so there is test number one. The date is already there. If you look into the last page. The dates are all there, you know, the date of the midterm, you know, when the first test is, you know when the third test is, you know, when the final is what time the final starts, what time the midterms, everything is there?

So please don't tell me I couldn't make it. I can't, no, it's not. No, it's all there, so make sure you don't miss them because I am here in campus. You saw me at 2, 30, I come. When the class gets over at 4, 20, I am gone. I don't have an office in this whole campus for me to be sitting there so that I can give you an alternate test time.

It's not gonna happen. It's impossible for me to do so. You need to come and take the test on the day of. That's one of the reasons why all the dates are already mentioned here. And usually it's on a Thursday. The test is on a Thursday final alone is on a Tuesday.

That's because the final exam is date is set by the college. I don't have a saying they set the time, so I, I follow the rules. Oh my, gosh, you're going to realize. I follow the rules to the letter if they say the exam is going to be from this time to this time.

And it's not even in this room, the midterm, and the final. It's in a big Hall in the other, whatever that. What's that building do? It's in the huge Hall. That's where you'll be taking the midterm and the final, because I also have my 101 B students who will also be coming there and taking it so it's not in this room at all the midterm and the final.

You cannot miss the final. You cannot miss the midterm. These two tests are in class, so you cannot miss them. I'm telling you right now if you have vacation plans, cancel them. Can't once the semester starts. As of today, there should be no vacation plans. You can go for your Thanksgiving break because there isn't anything that Thursday.

It's the whole campus. Everything is shut down, so please no vacation. Don't email me saying, like, oh, I have to go for this wedding, that wedding you have to figure it out. I cannot give makeup exams. It's impossible for me because I am not here in this campus. Okay, so I'm letting, you know, I'm being very honest.

The dates of the midterm and the final they were announced, even in the can in the in the my all learning, so you all knew beforehand, like when those two dates are going to be. So there is no excuse, okay, um? Do go through every single thing in the module first and the second modules, you know, zero zero zero module.

There is a syllabus quiz that you all have to take. Why? Why? That is my way of making sure that you are registered in the class that you are coming to class. That tells me, yes, present. Like, you're doing the quiz. That means you have turned in some work.

That means like you are in the class enrolled in the class, and you're participating. So that is important. That this is just for this one week that syllabus quiz, just to make sure that you did go through all of these pages. So there is nothing surprise, you know? Like, suddenly, oh, I didn't.

No, no, no, no, everything is here. You answered the syllabus. Quiz, you know, like nothing, is surprising. Okay. If anyone needs extra time during the test like accommodations. Please contact the SAS office as quickly as possible and go meet with them and set up what all the forms that need to be signed, and they will send it to me, and then you can take the test one.

The midterm, the test three, the final out there quiz, I think, since it's either going to be online on Friday or in class, and it's a group quiz. I think in class, would be better with your friends bye. Are you registered? Yeah.

Uh. Everybody calls me Miss ravati, so you can also I go by my first name, so please feel free to call me Miss R Missy. However, you want to do it, but not by Allah. By my last name, please do not address me as Professor. No, I just just simple misery with these good enough.

Okay. Uh, anything else. No graphing calculators are allowed. I have written it very explicitly. Don't tell me on the day of the oh, I only have a graphing calculator. No, you have an a full month. You have a sibling go, steal it from there, a scientific calculator. I'm sorry, you can just go borrow it from the bank borrowers deal, but no graphing calculators because you're supposed to be graphing.

It beats the whole purpose. If you have a graphing calculator, so no graphing calculators are allowed not only in my 101a class, but also in my 101b class. I don't allow it. Hi, are you registered? Yeah. Thank you so! Don't you, I didn't warn you. I think the scientific calculator passed by, like, twenty dollars.

I could be wrong inflation, maybe 25. Now, it's there. In Walmart, I've seen it. Yeah, I've seen some calculators go for almost 100, so no, no, don't waste money. Oh, no, no, no, don't just just just a simple one. That, like the one that he has, that's more than enough.

That's, that's fine. Okay, yeah, that's more than enough. Please do not get a graphing calculator. I won't let you use it in the exams. Very sad. You would have spent all that money for work for no reason. Okay, so don't buy it. Uh huh, that's like, pardon me, but why would you want to use a slight rule in the class you won't?

Can you do it fast with a slight Road. Yeah, it takes me well. 15 is your problem. I'm just wondering if I'm allowed to use it. I mean, but it's still it's gonna, you know? But before you finish using it, I know what a slight rule is. Your time will be up for the test.

Why would you want to use a slight roll? I'll leave it to you. I, I don't want to argue, it's your choice. You want to finish the exam. I don't think slide rule is the way to go okay, but to each their own right, everybody, whatever? So that, but no graphing calculators.

Do you have any questions for me? Please, I give partial credit, so you need to show all the work. I give partial credit if you just give me the final answer. Be it a quiz, be it your weekly assessments, you won't get the full score because I want to see all of the work, and I know the first Temptation is.

To go to Claude or Gemini or whatever. Post this question, and then it spits the answer, and then you just copy it. And then you submit it. You see, why? I don't collect homework, because that's what happens, so I don't want homework. Weekly assessments. Please take them seriously. Because the test is in class, no claude is going to come and help you.

No, Gemini is going to come and help you. None of those things are going to help you so. Right from the get-go. I am not against AI. I please, let me tell you, I may be old, but I am not against AI. I, I feel once you have done the problem on your own right?

You want to check your answer? That's fine. But there are no guarantees that that is correct also. But now it's become smart. It is most of the time it is correct. I'm not going to tell you something false, okay, but the Temptation to not, oh, you know what? I don't have the time, forget it.

I'm just gonna get the answer quickly. That Temptation you need to Reign in, because the more you think in your weekly assessment in your quiz, it will only help you when you're doing the test. Right, because if you don't do the thinking and train your brain to think magically, your brain isn't going to start thinking on the day of the midterm or the final.

And it will show the grade in the midterm and the final and the test. It looks so different from your weekly assessment or from an online who is that you take on a Friday? Maybe then, you're wondering, like, why am I not? That's because you're not training to do the thinking throughout the semester.

Brain doesn't work that way. All of a sudden. It's the same. You cannot go and participate in F1. You need to start practicing first, learning how to drive, and then you know, maneuvering, and it takes many years, so you need to keep on training it. Okay, because there is that portion of the brain that doesn't get trained if you don't use it.

It goes to sleep, so I'm telling you this with all sincerity. It is for your own good. I am asking you all to please. Don't rely on Claude to do the thinking for you. Check your answers with it that is fine. Okay, uh? Anything else that I'm forgetting quick thing?

Hi, hi, you're register. Are you registered? Yes.

Okay, um? Anything else?

34 people are here. Five people are missing still. Hmm. I will wait. I mean, we can wait, okay. I'll take attendance at four o'clock. Let's just wait and see. So, if there is, please feel free to ask questions. You must have questions. You must have read all those things in the canvas.

Maybe you have a question, maybe you don't, but if you have, please feel free to ask me questions. Yes, uh, you said that the midterm, and then the final we were going to be invading two in like a big classroom. It's in a big Auditorium two, two, zero, two, yeah.

Yeah, and I make people sit alternatingly. One 101a1101b student like that, yes. I have a question in the canvas you had, uh? Lecture videos from another teacher. Uh, it's my mine. Uh, yes, you have your videos, but the other one tell you what, what those are? Cengage, the the publisher of the textbook.

Get allows students to have free access. For two weeks. So those are the things maybe the link doesn't work, but then I've had them there. It's, it's the cengage videos if you have access to cengage the web assign thing for some other subject. I think you will be getting access to the calculus textbook.

Also, it's all like if you pay, you know, like a bundles on this, this specific way you can pay for multi multiple courses? Those are the videos that I've posted there so, but that is. After the first two weeks, it may not even work because we're not going to pay for it.

I mean, like, forget, it costs a bundle. Why shouldn't we pay right, right? I don't want to know it, but there is a place where you can get a free PDF of the textbook. Did you know that? You're not smart. People don't figure it out. Don't tell me though, but there is.

I know every single about my previous students 101 a students 101b students. They've all got access to the free Edition copy of the textbook, but You are the Geniuses tech savvy people. Go find it from somewhere and don't tell me please. Don't buy. I mean, it's it's it's. It's a waste.

It's, it's a lot of money. I mean, it's not cheap, okay, go upstairs. Oh, I am bringing chapter by chapter, say here. Feel free to take pictures of this, I don't care. Okay, it's right here. Why do you look familiar to me? I don't know. Maybe I must have seen you in the campus somewhere so?

We look for the book. I'm just saying, you know? Okay, okay, yeah, okay, but if somebody finds it, then maybe you can create your own little Discord Channel and you can just share it with the rest of the people, or you don't roll your eyes. Do you think I won't know about this card?

You rolled your eyes and turned that say, oh, she's talking about this card and go. What the heck? Yeah, I'm old, but I'm very present. Okay, so questions any other questions, otherwise I want to jump in to the class? No, yes, sir. Awesome! Absolutely! Early today! So, oh, you're Zach!

Did I say your name, right? Yes, Zachariah. Yeah, you have to go why you have to go? Where are you playing soccer, uh? Uh, which high school? What is that? I've never heard of this in school. It's in Fremont. In this campus, how come I have never heard of it, and I've been teaching it for 11 years?

Well, yeah, um, taking attendance at four o'clock. Do you think you could write me down? Okay, I remember his name. What? What's your name Noah? No one. Yeah. Zachariah, okay? Okay. I shall make a little knot.

Any other questions please? Shall we start? Chapter one is pre-calculous. I'm so scared to even ask this question pretty, seriously. Okay, don't get mad at me. How many of you remember stuff from precal? Oh my God, oh, seriously, over in the summer. So then you should be remembering everything, right?

Oh wow, okay, we will see. Um, before we jump in, would you like to form your groups of four, please? Can you spend five minutes? Pick your group up four, because Thursday we will have in-class quiz first week I wanna have in class quiz to see how you all react with each other, and it will only be on pre-calc stuff.

Okay, okay, form your friend, uh, thing, um, I'm William Williams. Yeah, okay. Okay, I'll sit down here.

You want to sit here. Yeah, so we were cool. We just need one more person. I want to be part of our group. Hi, you want to be part of our group.

So, just hang around. Yeah, hang around because I have only one spot available. Yeah, I need to go through the email and see between the two of you who emailed me first, and I'm supposed to give black person, uh, just overseas. I said if somebody does the first item show up, huh?

Five kids, nah, and couple, but I don't know who they are. See, that's the whole problem, right? I don't know the reason why I'm not taking attendance right now. You see how everything is shared? If I go into the canvas and open up the attendance, everybody will know all of the names.

And there may be some names that people don't want their IDs to be, just, you know, like, shared. So, yeah, I somehow managed to get satisfied. Four, I was gonna shut it down and then go and take the attendance, so it's okay for you guys to stay till 4, 15, right, yeah, because yeah, okay, okay, please form your groups of four.

Okay, five minutes less than five minutes. Now, have one more space if anyone wants to join us. You, you should join a group of four, and then if you're not in, then you just leave, and they can find you. Yeah, yeah, we have more space if you want to join us.

Yeah, we're here, right here. We have a I think he's joining us. He's joining us okay. Groups of four, please, oh there. He's joining your group. Hi, good. Groups of four. You need to get up and move. I'm William. Are you old people go and find you? Oh my God, Bianca, Jody Jody, Jody William, Bianca Joyce.

Can I see your own scientific calculator? Whoever has one? Oh yes, yeah, I think I got mine at Costco. Okay. You go to the garage sale. Oh, that's pretty smart.

Thank you. Hope it's not doing the winter. Oh, you guys have the same one okay, oh, really? Okay. I've never seen yours. Okay. Oh yeah, it's missing. Yeah, okay, nice. Okay. Go with that room.

One semester. So, how good are you guys? Um, why? For first year or your second year here. Yeah, you're my third year. I started to finish up.

Um, yeah, I've been here, like, on and off. Um, I'm actually going to Cal State East Bay, so I'm taking some classes here. My major there is biological science, yeah, uh, no, I'm taking two, uh?

My name is Joe or Joel Joe.

Computer Sciences, the same, oh computer, science, yeah. Boy, you guys know each other. Yeah, yeah, something going on here. Yeah. How long have you been coding for? Um, I just started with C plus plus. Is that like the most common way? Yes, yeah. C plus plus and Piper. Yeah, I don't know too much.

Oh, I did at some point, but oh, really. I heard a lot about it, I don't know. Yeah, and listening to the porches and I'm just swimming pool. Oh, what's your major? What is it like engineer games? You're like, no. Infrastructure or systems. What is that, like, I.T, them.

Yeah, kind of, like, is.

No, no, no, no, this is the person who's watching, yeah? Igles. No. I guess I ever seems like? Somebody wasn't time here today after being there so. Do you know how to access Owani College Wi-Fi? Oh, I'm just using the guest one. Okay, yeah.

Okay, okay, guys. You have had enough time to exchange phone numbers or email address or discover, because if you miss class, you need to contact them to find out what happened in class. You email me, I'm not responding. Okay, okay, that's why you have your group of forms. When you're doing all this time, it's about getting to know each other.

Uh, we can just do a group chat, I guess. Okay, do you want to do it? Sure? Or do you want it? Okay?

Or WhatsApp, just like iMessage okay? How come there are five people in your group, one of them, and they did? You can be five people in a group only four, so there isn't enough. I think there's one person you said only one person in one classroom, so there's one person extra.

So, there's one person extra. Yeah. Anyway, come Thursday, we will know somebody's gonna get dropped. Someone will say, oh, I don't like the way she teaches, so they'll just drop, you know? Things happen. Like, they say, s*** happens. That's it. Okay, I think that's more than enough time for you to exchange your credentials with each other.

What are the things that are new this Friday? To replace the discussion and then who is in class and then weekly assessment. We, it's all on pre-calc stuff, so you don't even have to wait for me to be teaching the pre-calc stuff here. You should know pre-calc stuff. The videos are there all of the stuff for pre-calc is also posted.

You go to the fifth floor where there is a math lab there, you know, they have a stack of pre-calc books. I kid you not. There is a whole row of pre-calculus textbooks. I think you should go live there tomorrow and get the book and refresh your memory. Whether you took it three years ago or two years ago or this summer or last semester or the previous semester?

It's right there, but I'm going to start doing a little bit to see if you remember stuff from precalc. Okay, it's all preparation for calculus, which is pre-calc that is chapter one. The topics that are there are the various graphs. And models. Linear models and rates of change. Functions and their graphs.

Review of trig functions. My favorite topic, I love trig functions. Inverse functions, exponential and log functions. These are the topics and.

Okay, let me just move this here, so you can see there you go. These are the topics. Okay. It says, go digital. Whatever, does that mean? Somebody should just scan and see if you can get a big copy of this. I don't know. Just try I, I didn't even strike me just now.

I just thought of it. The lid work.

Expand my paper. Be my guess. Let one person try. And then, I mean, what's the point? Everybody crying. If it doesn't work, then it doesn't work. If he think works for him, then he can just air. Drop it to you. Is it just a tiny face? It works.

I mean, just because it appears in your thing, it doesn't mean it are able to get it on screen. No, yeah, okay for me either. Excuse me. The hand is shaking, um, what? Really, no, no, I just has to focus. Yeah, no. Oh, there we go, you know what?

Let's just move it here so peacefully. You can take a picture of that. Oh, what? Oh, I got it. Yep.

I don't want to know.

Online. Chapter 16. Student downloads, perhaps like you can download the videos.

I'm okay, I'm just watching all the fun that's happening here. I don't know. Yeah, Southern California and I didn't say three calculus. Christmas office saves. We cannot adjust to the students that they should take retails. They should take intermediate algebra. You can because most of the like, you know, like that?

They have. I wish those rules would go away because students are woefully unprepared without freak out. That's why they end up repeating count one many times, so it's a choice if you work hard. I mean, like, you know, I don't distinguish people who have taken. I think it's time.

No, no, I can't. I, I cannot tell you anything, because those are the rules. I cannot tell you, I just go, I don't know. It depends on the students and how do I know, I don't know what to say? Yeah, I can't say anything. Okay, everyone.

Are you able to download? Oh yeah, I got it. It's my time. Now you've had your fun time. Okay, so if it works, if it's downloadable, then please create a discount for your class, and then please share it. Do not involve me. I don't know anything about it, so just leave me out of it.

Okay, so? I have a few questions for all of you. What are all the functions that you have learned in intermediate algebra and breakup? It's assumed all of this that I'm asking you is from the previous. Course, so I don't have to keep repeating it. What are all the functions you have learned?

Tell me. Yes, please keep listing them. Yes. Quadratic transcendental. I need specific names, trig functions. Trig functions. Can you name some of the trig functions please? Sine cosine tangent arctangent cotangent? And then the cotangent. Crazy second and cosecant. Okay, I filmed the rest of them. Okay, what other functions have you come across?

Logarithm logarithm, okay, logarithmic functions. What else exponential exponential, okay limits, uh, not limits? Limits is a topic that will be applied to all of the functions that you are going to be like, but what are the functions themselves? Yes. Radical. Oh yeah, the ones which, which have square, you know, the roots Roots, okay?

Rational functions. Can you see it? Yeah, rational functions, and then what else? Absolute functions, absolute value functions, okay. Anything else?

Let's get those brain juices going. What else have you learned? Natural log. I mentioned indigenous. No integrals come second, uh, towards the end of the calculus course functions. Function, huh? No, those are all rules that you used for finding derivatives functions. You have quadratic, you have trig functions, logarithmic functions, you graph these right, exponential functions, radical, rational absolute value.

How come, nobody said linear function? Linear function that is the top one, so linear functions. And then what else do we have? Have you heard of Peace wise function? Yes, yes. Peace, wise functions. Yeah, compensated functions. Composite function is a function of a function. It's like a property. Okay, okay, one more.

Have you heard of a step function? No. It's like, you know where you're going up. The steps where I'll tell you it's, it's the greatest smaller, the small integer function, or it's called as the step function. So we have, there's also cubic functions okay, quadratic, cubic, linear. So these are all the different functions.

So, your job tomorrow? You are now going to. I'm sorry, Sunday to Friday, you belong to me. Your time is my like, you know, your time has to be for this course. Okay, you need to go upstairs. You need to or doesn't matter. Khan Academy is there. That's fine.

Sitting at home, you can go through them. Each and every one of these functions. How do you draw them? How, what is the domain? What is the range all of those lovely details you need to know? Okay, because this all you would have learned in intermediate algebra, so I don't want to keep repeating that.

You know, so briefly, let me just draw a rough sketch. Quadratics are always going to be parabolas, right, like your touchdown symbol or your McDonald's Arch, so either it's up or it's down. Right, that is your quadratic function graph sawing, cosine tangent cotangent sine function is like this? Cotangent function is like that?

Tangent is like this? I'm drawing very rough sketches. Okay, very rough sketches. If you look through the chapter here, they'll give you the perfect graphs in your textbook, you know, you go to any free characters book. They'll give you beautiful graphs, okay, and then cotangent would be the flip of this.

It'll be like this. Okay, and then second, you draw the. Of cosecant, and then you find out like this. That, and then you erase the the middle portion you will have. Seek and graph. Get rid of this, and that becomes your secant graph cosec. Can you take your sign and then the flip of this like this?

You will get. Co-secant graph. So, these are all the different trig function graphs. Okay, the logarithmic function. I want to do it on a separate paper because it is one of those. Functions, the kind of trips students it kind of confuses them so. I will give you a few minutes to finish writing.

All of this in case you're jotting it down. And then I will start on a new paper. Is there a student in the class who needs? Um, notes, or something.

I thought they got an email from SAS people.

I couldn't fit in. So piece wise and then step and then cubic function. Okay. So, these are all the different functions. Then, we may have missed something, but it's okay.

In the end, if you want to just take pictures of each one of these sheets, you're welcome to do it. In the end, after the class is over, I'll wait. You can take pictures, and then you know. Before you leave, you can do that too, so. Trying to be a good girl by writing the page number because I tend not to do that.

Okay, so. Let's look at specifically first, the exponential function, and then the log function. So, I'm going to draw the exponential function. Y equals to e to the X. 2 to the X 3 to the X. Anything with X in the power position in the exponent position. They are exponential function.

So, if this is y and this is?

The graph of e to the X looks like this. It has a y-intercept, all exponential functions. Have a y-intercept 0, 1. This is y equals to e to the X. When it is? That point would be simply 1 {comma}, e. The value of e to the one is two point, I believe seven, one, etc, etc, etc.

It's, it's a constant. It's called as the Euler's constant.

Okay, so. If you notice the entire graph? Is? Above the x-axis. Nowhere is the graph. Cutting the x-axis, touching the x-axis. It's completely above, so which means all of the Y values y values are usually. Given the term range, the range of the function is from 0 to Infinity 0, not included.

Because the graph is above the x-axis, so it's an open parenthesis 0 comma Infinity, so it goes off to Infinity to the sky. What about the domain, the X values? Form your domain, always. What are the X values for which this function exists, right? Those X values always form the domain, and you notice, it goes all the way from here.

From, like way, way, way from the West Coast, it comes. And then it goes all the way to the east coast, so the domain is the entire real number system. Or you can also write it as negative Infinity to positive Infinity, the entire x-axis. Okay. Yes, what are the Y value sits?

The function never touches the x-axis. What is the zero have a square bracket? No square bracket means zero is included. Parentheses means zero is not included. Yeah. Bracket implies. The end point. Is included. Okay. Parentheses. Means. End point. Is not included. Okay, so that is. Something that you should not interchange, and you should know.

I know my handwriting is terrible. I like, cursive. Unfortunately, I don't know how to print. So there you go. Okay. So, this is called as the y-intercept. So, every exponential function has a y-intercept. It has no x intercept because it never touches the x-axis, so there is no x-intercept.

Exponential function has one more thing going for it. If you look at this left hand side, right? I can, you know, if this is my x-axis? Okay, my exponential function is coming. It comes down, down, down, down, down, down, down down, but it never crosses this line. So, what do you call that line, which does not allow a function to cross it?

There is a specific name for it. What is that that's? And specifically, what kind of an asymptote is this horizontal asymptote? Yes, it's a horizontal because it's horizontal in shape, and it is parallel to your ground, so it is a horizontal asymptote, and that too is a negative x-axis, not the positive side.

The positive side goes off to the sky. Okay, like it just goes on and on, so. This x negative x axis X negative short form minus sign with a V negative x axis. Is a horizontal. As in toad. So, these are the characteristics for an exponential function. And if you're wondering, like, why did I do this first?

Because. You've heard how you remember how to get an inverse of a function?

But please. You can take a picture in the end if you want that way. We don't have to waste time in between each time. Okay, so you can take a picture in the end, and then you know, like? Go home, take it in the phone, and then write it out.

Yes, sir. Yeah, uh, you switch the Y and the X, right? So, yes, you're right, so I'll take an example and I'll jog your memory about how to find inverse of a function. Okay, so? Um. Let's take a new range. It's okay, I have plenty of paper at home.

So, let's take an example. F of x equals to? I wanted to call like x minus four. Okay, that's my equation y equals to x minus 4 or y of X. All of these mean the same y equals to Y of x equals to f of x equals to.

They are all they all mean, like, you know, the function y value equals to x minus 4, which is a linear function anyway y equals x minus 4. If you were to draw that y equals to X is this dotted line minus 4, it shifts down so your y equals to?

X minus 4 line would be this. This is y equals to x minus 4. Now, how do I find my inverse? So you? Step number one interchange. X and Y? Why do we have to do that? Is the question, like why am I doing x equals to Y minus 4?

Why am I interchanging that. For that, we go back a couple of classes, right. So, and the way we go do, this is like this. If you have your domain. I'm going to show you here. I can see just to make sure that you can see a domain. And if you have your range.

The range consists of Y values. The domain consists of X values. Let's say I write 1, 0, 1, 2. When you plug this in. When X is 0, you get Y is -4. When X is 1, you get -3. When X is 2, you get -2. 0 is connected to -4.

One is connected to this, and this is connected to that right. Like, it's like mapped, right. One to one connection. Is there now? When you have one entry and one exit like this, we say it's a function. It passes what is called as a vertical line test. Okay, so if you were to plot these points in your graph, you notice how zero and then you have negative four.

One you have, uh, negative three. And then two, you have negative two. Okay, I'm just going to mark this in. And then, when you have a four, you get zero. So, notice if you this line here. If you were to take an imaginary vertical line and you make it go like this, it cuts the graph only in one spot each for each X, there's only one unique white.

There's only one cut here each time, so it means it passes the vertical line test. I'll give you a counter example where it cuts in more than one place. So then you're wondering, like, do I go there, or do I go here? There's a little confusion, right? You remember a whale?

If you look at square root function, this is y equals to positive square root of x. This is y equals to negative square root of x. Together, we write it as x equals to Y square is the function. This is your function x equals to Y Square y, a square root of x positive Y square root of negative square root of x.

If you take a point here, let's say it is. This point here, and this point here, the vertical line if you post. I have a problem. Do I go up, or do I go down? I have a little dilemma. So, that means when a vertical line cuts the graph in two places for a single x value, it is not a function.

So, that's why, if you consider radicals, they will always say, for even powered radicals, you can either use the top as a function for your consideration, or you have to use the bottom. You can't put both of them because x equals to Y squared is not a function. Understood so?

When you have this kind of a problem? Then, since it is not a function I cannot. In all, you know, like honesty, like I cannot find the inverse, it has to pass the vertical line test for it to be a function. And it also has to pass the horizontal line test only.

Then you can find the inverse of a function, so both the tests have to be have to check check. So, what do you mean by horizontal line test, right? So, if you go okay, we we talked about vertical vertical line. The same example, if you look and let's say you're now going to go horizontal line notice here.

For one, this value. There is a unique X you go here for this y. There is a unique X. This is a unique, so this one passes both the vertical line test and a horizontal line test. What do you mean by inverse? This is what we mean by inverse, okay to come to the class.

You open the door you walk in. Then you come. You drop your backpack, you sit down. You open your backpack, take your stuff class blah, blah, blah. It's all done then. When you're ready to go, what do you do? You put your books back into your backpack? You get up from your seat.

You take your backpack, you retrace the steps. You're not going to go through the door. Okay, you go out and then you close the door so you're able to go back to the starting point by retracing the steps. If you're able to do that, then you're able to reverse the process.

Imagine if you are baking. You are putting one ingredient after the other, breaking the eggs and pudding, and then you're mixing it all up. And then you put it in a pan. You put it into the oven, and then after half an hour 350 degrees out comes this wonderful pound cake.

Oh, I'm hungry. Okay, you get your pound cake now. Think about it. If you can put that pound cake cooked pound cake back into the oven? Half an hour later, it comes out as the liquid that it went in originally, and then you take it out and Miracle of Miracles, you're able to deconstruct everything, including the broken egg.

Now, you can get a full egg back. I know it's far-fetched, but I'm just saying, then it means the process is reversible, right? So I can inverse. So, what inverse does is this? Whatever you do, the inverse of a function will undo what the function did that is the meaning.

Hello. They said, count one class here.

Now, you see, right? So, if you have a domain? You go and map it to the range. Now, if you consider that range as the domain, and if you Trace back by the inverse function, you should get the original domain back. So, the new range of the inverse function will be the domain of the old function.

So, that's why, since we know it past both the vertical and horizontal line test. I am interchanging y and X in the sense I am flipping the. Job of the domain to be the range and the range to be the domain because their positions are now interchanged. So, it went from domain to range.

So now you're coming back this way, and this is your F inverse function. So this acts as the domain, and what you get access the range for your inverse function. So, the domain became the range, and the range became the domain, and that is why we interchanged X and Y as the first step, and then you solve for this y.

That is Step number two, so you get y equals to X plus 4. If you draw this curve in the same graph if the same graph if you draw it. Y equals to X. Is this and then you have a plus? 4 is here, so the and and notice here, like, you know?

Okay, I have to kind of. Dried in such a way?

Okay, I, I can't fit it, unfortunately. The way it'll look is like this. Okay, it comes like this, and then it is supposed to kind of meet somewhere if you drew y equals to X line. Here it will cut where these two, you know, like all the three, will beat at that one point.

And if you put a mirror here, let's say there's a mirror that I can put, and if I fold the page this line, and this one will coincide beautifully. That's the function for a graphically. This is so you can find the inverse of a function by drawing the original function and then putting a mirror along the line y equals to X.

And then, if you fold it, let's say I pour some wet ink here. Okay, and it's all liquid here, and I put a mirror here. And then I fold the paper and then the smudge will form along this line. And that is nothing but y equals to X plus four line.

So, and it intersects, you know? Like, if you draw this, and then the all three will intersect like, like? One of those. Ancient, you know, like how the tent is form, they intersect. It's kind of like that, it'll happen. So, how can I draw the inverse of my exponential function?

So, I'm gonna draw the exponential function once again, so you can see it. Okay, there you go. This is my exponential function. This is my y equals to X line. This was zero one. If you remember so zero one, if you flip it, it becomes one zero, so I'll Mark here one zero.

Okay, and then I have this point here. Right, which will be one e in your e to the X graph. So that when you translate it e, comma 1 and E is 1.7, you know, like, so that point is going to be somewhere here.

And I, I should draw it according to scale. Unfortunately, it's all three-handed drawing. Okay, so it's all messed up. That's okay, so you will have 1.7 somewhere. So, that point is going to be here. And then you notice the beauty of it. See how it's like if you were to pour some ink here, and you were to put a mirror here, and you fold it, you will notice this horizontal asymptote h a will become your VA, which is your vertical as enter.

This was your negative x-axis, and when you flip, X and Y become negative Y axis, and that becomes your vertical as a horizontal becomes vertical. Vertical becomes horizontal 0, 1. Was your y-intercept? So you now have one zero as your X intercept? Okay, and you notice what. What did we have as the domain?

The domain was negative Infinity to positive Infinity. The range was 0 to Infinity. Now, look at the inverse function. Here. The domain is 0 to Infinity. It never crosses the y-axis. It's to the right side of the y-axis, right, and your range. It comes from the bottom of the earth and Rose to the sky, so it is negative Infinity to positive Infinity.

See how their roles are interchanged. The domain became the range. The range became the domain horizontal asymptote, negative vertical asymptote, and all of the stuff. It just reflected, so the inverse is called as natural log of x. The mathematicians divide decided, oh, we are going to give it a name, and this is how we are going to write.

Don't ask why, it's like some of the old old mathematicians their minds were working that way, so they decided to Define it. This way, definition one can never question. Do you ever question when your teacher taught you in pre in grade one a and and d h e d are the articles?

Did you ever question them no? It is the way it is, so the way they defined this particular graph is y equals to natural log of x, and they said this is the beginning of the logarithmic function. So, if your y equals to e to the X step number one, you interchange your X and Y, and this is the exponential.

Form of the log logarithmic function. And this, they decide, because we always want to see, like, y, equals to something, you know, like, that's how the format is. So, they said, let's call this y equals to natural log of x. And that's the how it came about, you know, natural lot of X?

Okay. So? You have to. How many of you are are on campus tomorrow? How many of you are going to go to the fifth floor tomorrow? How many of you at home are going to go into Khan Academy and start looking at these things? I better see every single person's end up.

Yes, you need to go, and you need to check all this out. I, I mean, like, it's impossible for me to do the pre-calc stuff, but I'm just telling you the important things you need to. Now, go in, and you need to go check it out and look at how the problems, whatever it should all come back.

It will come back. It's just like, if once you learn how to go in a bicycle even after five years. You may be rusty, but when you get on the bicycle and start pedaling. Your muscle memory comes, you start biking. It may be a little rusty shaky, but it will come.

So that is the first step you open. You open the chapter you start looking at it. Okay, it is important that you do it. Because this whole week, that's all I want you to do. Spend your time, spend your time, spend your time on breakout stuff. Okay, so? I just touched upon this.

I spoke about inverse, we just. I just gave you only the graph of the electric function, how it is going to be. You need to look at that and then all the different functions and I Bree. And then I can. I'm going to draw the graph of all of the functions briefly.

Okay, so that you can go dive into it. So, the linear function you know is a straight line, right? It's straight line quadratic is your Parabola, of course. Quadratic is Parabola.

Everybody we should, probably even in your sleep, will probably remember if you have an equation y equals to a x squared plus BX plus C that is a quadratic equation General quadratic equation, right? To find with this. Intersects. You intersects the x-axis. U set y equals to zero, and you solve for x when you have x squared.

You will get. Roots, which can also be called as Solutions, which can also be called as intercepts. Right. I mean, like, they all mean the same thing. All you can say, zeros. They all have the same meaning. Roots solution intercepts zeros. They all mean the same thing. Okay, so?

Do you remember what we call as the quadratic formula, the the discriminant, you know, formula? The the roots are? X equals to minus B plus square root of B squared, minus 4AC. X2 is divided by 2A. I forgot that minus B, minus square root of B squared minus 4, a c divided by 2 D.

Remember this, all of? How to find the roots? It's kind of like it'll come back slowly. You come back right now. You study the characteristics.

Of a parabola. By studying. The discriminant. Which is B squared y minus 4AC? You look at the value of B squared by minus 4AC, and it can be. Equal to zero. It can be. Positive, it can be negative. Those are the four three choices that can happen when you evaluate for any quadratic function you take the equation set it equal to zero.

Your coefficient of x squared is a the coefficient of x is B, and the constant is C, so you plug in B squared minus 4AC, and then you will get a value. It can be zero. Sometimes it happens to be zero. Sometimes it will be positive. Sometimes it will be negative now.

Each one of these will tell you what kind of a graph, you're going to get what kind of roots these are going to be when you see equal to zero the parabola. Wherever it is, it will touch the. Graph on the x-axis. Whether it is this way or this way, it will touch.

The vertex will will be on the x-axis. Guaranteed. It will be a repeated route. It will touch the x-axis when it is positive, then you will get. Distinct. Real Roots. In that case, your Parabola will be like this. Cutting the x-axis in two distinct place, it can be upside down also, but it will cut the x-axis in two places, two distinct real Roots you will get when it is positive.

When it is negative, you will get two imaginary roots. In that case, your graph will never touch the x-axis. It will be either above or below the x-axis. It never touches the x-axis. You never get real Roots. You get only imaginary nodes, and they will all get always occur in conjugate pairs, some a plus.

I, b, a minus IB. Okay, so I'm gonna stop with this, and I'm gonna take attendance quickly. So, at the end of it, whoever wants to take pictures of these one, two, three, four pages. Please feel free. I'm gonna take attendance, so that means. I need to shut off the display because I don't want everybody's names to be seen by everyone so.

I will leave it here. If you want to take pictures, you can come over and take it. And while you're doing that, also at the same time, can you please make sure you answer the attendance call, please? I don't want to keep Beyond 420s being it the first day and all that.

So that's why?

Sorry, sorry, yeah. Everyone goes first. William, what's your number? Sorry, uh, three, four one? I just got a new number. No worries. One, three, four, eight.

Fire every. Saeed. Present Bianca. Not so mean. William present. Jordan here. How do you say your name, Jordan, you just call me Duty? Is it rare or Ryan present? How did I say your name correctly? Who's that Ryan?

Catherine Chen.

Did I say your name? Okay? Or you emailed me, and I responded, am I not good at responding immediately? Yeah. Isn't Json? Or is it Jackson Jackson okay, Mika Micah, okay? Did I say your name? Okay, yeah, okay. Junior. Oh, that's easy. Yes.

Franco. Alana. Is it jinran Huang did that speak? Kathy, oh, I won't remember, but I'll try okay, because the the when I'm taking attendance, I won't remember, okay, all right. Keep writing this name. And in Brackets, Kathy in the quiz and the test that I will remember, okay, Cordell, yeah.

Hello, okay, absent.

Shakira, Noah, yes, uh, is it not here? Yeah. Did they say your name? Okay, yeah. Evan. No man Musa. Absent Armand here. Joe. Okay, there are two Joes. Okay, that's another joke, Damien here.

Kushon. Absolutely Ramon! Did you email me? No, okay. Lily. Uh, Raymond Wong. Sophie.

Isha. Not here. Huh, is it a hunger? Here, you couldn't call me. Han Hangs okay. And that's it! Yay! Okay, I will see that, oh yeah, five minutes, please. We have five minutes, uh, while? Let's do a problem on the board. Sure, why should we waste time? I don't want to waste time.

You will. Ah, I'm gonna test you on Transformations. Okay, I want you to. Graph y equals to oh, you can't see, oh man, that's because we.

I know I do have markers. Yes, I'm always adding, so please first draw y equals to x squared in your notebooks. And then I want you to do the Transformations one by one, and I want you to graph two times x minus 2, the whole squared plus four. I want you to draw the pair and craft from that.

I want you to see, how can I alter that to exhibit x minus 2, the whole square graph, no plotting points? It's free. Draw freestyle drawing. You know that y equals to x squared is going to look like this. Start from here. What does this mean? Do you remember what this transformation is?

When you have a minus? The graph shifts in what direction to the right? To the right shifts. To the right? By two units. So, this graph, if you have different colored pencils, it will shift to your right. If this was zero zero, this would be 2 0 to the right.

When you have X plus 2 the whole squared, this one shifts. To the left by two units. Okay, now the next thing you're going to do is once you have drawn this, then I want you to do x minus 2, the whole Square, the two in the front, what does that designate?

The two in the front, what's the meaning? Yeah, amplitude. Amplitude. I act like you would be usually talk when you talk of trig functions. Okay, but when you're not talking of trig functions, what does the two actually imply? Yes, please. Yes, it's like, think about it, right? You are in the bottom of the pool.

You're lifting your. I can't look my hand because I did something to it. Okay, so let's assume get someone lift their hand. Just lift your hand. Okay. A little wider. Okay, so that is your Parabola. Okay? And you are the bottom of the pool. So, as a child is asking to be pulled up, what happens to the thing?

Okay, ground. No, what happens to the the hand? Oh my God. Unfortunately, it gets closer, right? It gets closer to the air when you get pulled up, right? It stretches, am I right? So when you see at two? Originally, if you have a point some zero to or something when you do it two, it becomes zero four, right?

So it goes up, so this one actually Narrows down when you have a two. When you have a one half, then it is, like, uh, it opens up. Okay, it kind of opens up when it. It's a fraction when it is two, then it gets closer. Yes, so it's a vertical stretch about horizontal shrink, and if it were division, then it's a words out to stretch whatever.

Yes, yes, sometimes it's easier to think in terms of a stretch, you know, Diana? How a stretch horizontal thing, yeah, so? To anything about one you are getting closer. Anything between zero and one, you're actually opening them. You know, like, there's this flower. During the daytime, it opens up and then at night time, it closes, you know, it's petals.

And then it opens again when the sun comes out. There's a flower. Okay, so? This graph now is going to be narrower, so when you graph that it post like this? So, this is now the graph you are landed in this form. Now comes the plus 4 this plus 4 outside of the square root sign is outside.

Talks about the vertical shift if it is + 4, then it is upwards by. Four units, so this entire thing, like your Times Square ball when it is going up. This whole thing goes up, and so your final graph would be like that. So, from this, it is transformed to this one, so please make sure when you're looking through pre-calculator.

Also, look for transformation horizontal shift to the right to the left vertical stretch horizontal, you know, like the opposite of that vertical shift horizontal shift? Look at all of those things, things okay, and you all can go other than the two people I'm supposed to add. Can you please come over.

I want to see how, what is my final strength and then 38 people and I can add?

Please look to body one. Can you?

Oh yeah. Student. Yeah, primarily. So we have a w number. I have a question. Yes, sir, you mentioned the the two is not the amplitude in this one. Why is that because an amplitude needs to have a upper one and the middle line, so only a sign has the maximum wave.

Yeah, so this one does not have this goes on and on and on, right? So that cannot be an amplitude. Okay, thank you. Yeah. Can I take pictures of the book the the chapter you brought?

Let me just put. Okay, you want to just leave it there and take it and bring it. Okay?

You should be able to get it. Okay, no, that's all gone. Those are a long days. No more ad codes, right? Okay, I prefer it this way, because then I get to sue this, see the student, and then, and like, let them in. Yeah, and because then I know there are actual people are not boxed.

Yes, and I make people bring their ideas for the exam. I don't let people just like, you know, somebody else can come and take the class, but then I have an ID, and it has to match. Oh, oh no, not here. Oh, I am like. Huge police person. Bye.

See you on Thursday. I keep missing on Monday, Wednesday, Tuesday Thursdays. Tuesday early morning 7, 30 to 8, 30. I was. I had my office over open this morning. Nobody showed up only on Tuesdays just one day because they don't pay us beyond that so. I'm going to email her.

And then she has to increase it to 41, but you know, what if someone didn't show up? I should drop them, right? Yeah, that's typically I know that's the first day. Yeah, he emailed them, or like, send them a message to Canvas. They don't respond back. That's the thing you know.

Yeah, sometimes right. I will wait, okay. I will increase it. I'll I'll tell, I'll tell them she should do it. So by tomorrow, you will get. It should pop up. It's not, even today, yeah, or just like any time of the day, I don't. It depends on when she increases it, and then she has to email me and then.

Log different functions. Yeah, they have different functions. They have different bases. One is base 10, base a, b b, different bases. Yeah, you can take one copy. I am definitely going to increase it so you can take your copy there you go. Well, thank you very much. Oh, you're welcome, sir.

Hey, could I know what, what we're going to study like on Thursday? So, yeah, I'll just finish the whole thing as much as I can, and then you'll have your quiz everybody better come. You have to study tomorrow. Yeah, I am going to be seeing how well you know your stuff.

Okay, thank you bye.